pio-package: add page (#5713)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pio-package.md

# pio package

> Manage packages in the registry.

> > Packages can only be removed within 72 hours from the published date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Packages can only be removed within 72 hours (3 days) from the published date.
```

> > Packages can only be removed within 72 hours (3 days) from the published date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Packages can only be removed within 72 hours (3 days) from the date they're published.
```

> > More information: <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/userguide/package/index.html>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/userguide/package/>.
```

> - Create a tarball from the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a package tarball from the current directory:
```

> - Create a tarball from the current package directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a tarball from the current directory:
```

> `pio package pack --output {{path/to/output_tarball}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pio package pack --output {{path/to/output_tarball.tar.gz}}`
```

> `pio package pack --output {{path/to/output_tarball.tar.gz}}`

Reviewer 2: The command argument is named `--output` and `tarball` doesn't add a meaning to the output file. I think `package.tar.gz` or maybe `my_package.tar.gz`
```suggestion
`pio package pack --output {{path/to/package.tar.gz}}`
```

Reviewer: I like the former, `package.tar.gz`.

> - Publish the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create and publish a package tarball from the current directory:
```

> - Publish the current package directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publish the current directory:
```

`pio package publish`

> - Publish the current package directory and restrict public access to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publish the current directory and restrict public access to it:
```

`pio package publish --private`

> - Publish a specific package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publish a package:
```

> `pio package publish {{path/to/package}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pio package publish {{path/to/package.tar.gz}}`
```

> - Publish a specific package and set custom release date and time (UTC):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publish a package with a custom release date (UTC):
```

> `pio package publish {{path/to/package}} --released-at "{{2021-04-08 21:15:38}}"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pio package publish {{path/to/package.tar.gz}} --released-at "{{2021-04-08 21:15:38}}"`
```

- Remove all versions of a published package from the registry:

`pio package unpublish {{package_name}}`

- Remove a specific version of a published package from the registry:

`pio package unpublish {{package_name}}@{{version}}`

> - Undo the removal, putting all or a specific version of the package back into the registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Undo the removal, putting all versions or a specific version of the package back into the registry:
```
